This README file contains instructions for replicating the results in “When Did Growth Begin?” by Paul Bouscasse, Emi Nakamura, and Jón Steinsson. All results referenced in the paper can be replicated by running two files in R: main_estimation.R and main_post.R. The first one launches the estimation of the various specifications used in the paper; the second one produces the figures and tables.  

**Data and Code Availability Statement**  
All data used is available in ~\bns_replication\data\raw. The data was either (i) downloaded from publicly available websites, (ii) manually digitized from published or working papers referenced in our article, (iii) obtained from Gregory Clark in private correspondence, or (iv) assembled by Jón Steinsson for his lecture notes. Details for each raw data file are in appendix A of README.pdf.  
All code used is available in ~\bns_replication\code.  

**Computation Requirements**  
The replication requires the installation of R (version used: 4.3.1), RStudio (version used: 2024.09.0+375), Rtools (version used: Rtools43, GNU Make 4.4.1), and RStan (version used: 2.26.23). Instructions for the installation of RStan are available here:  
https://mc-stan.org/users/interfaces/rstan  
Other required R packages are: dplyr (version used: 1.1.3), ggpubr (0.6.0), reshape2 (1.4.4), broom (1.0.5), tidyverse (2.0.0), xtable (1.8.4), nleqslv (3.3.4), pracma (2.4.2), invgamma (1.1), ramify (0.3.3), stringr (1.5.0), patchwork (1.1.3), readxl (1.4.3), EnvStats (2.8.1), openxlsx (4.2.5.2), latex2exp (0.9.6), scales (1.2.1). Those are automatically installed if they are missing.  
The estimation results were obtained on a Station Dell PRECISION 7920 bought in 2023 with 2 Intel(R) Xeon(R) Gold 5218R CPU @ 2.10GHz processors (20 cores/40 threads each) and 64Go of RAM. The computer’s operating system is Windows 10 Enterprise, version 22H2, 64 bits.  
We have used 24 chains of 1,000,000 draws for each specification. Each specification takes between 12 and 36 hours, provided chains can run in parallel.  The total running time on that computer was about 2 weeks if we ran specifications in turn. (Computing time can be cut if specifications themselves are run in parallel.) For replication with less computing power, we recommend cutting the number of draws (iters) and chains (chain) on lines 33 and 34 of main_estimation.R. In our experience, 200,000 draws and 8 chains is enough for reliable results.  

**Instructions for Data Preparation and Analysis**  
The estimation can be replicated by running main_estimation.R. The figures and tables can be generated by running main_post.R. Both files can be run independently since results from main_estimation.R have been saved to ~\bns_replication\output\RData. In both cases, the user needs to set path0, the path of the bns_replication folder. Charts and tables are saved in ~\bns_replication\output\charts and ~\bns_replication\output\tables.  
Appendix B of README.pdf contains detailed explanations for each code file.  
